# GDQ Donation Analysis

## Basic Stats

sgdq2011
          Total                                        N for
Variable  Count   Mean  StDev       Sum  Median  Mode   Mode
amount     1118  19.14  36.40  21396.76   10.00    10    373


agdq2012
          Total                                            N for
Variable  Count    Mean   StDev         Sum  Median  Mode   Mode
amount     5872  22.456  42.076  131637.990  10.000    10   1568


sgdq2012
          Total                                           N for
Variable  Count    Mean   StDev        Sum  Median  Mode   Mode
amount     2207  19.845  40.265  43778.990  10.000    10    810


agdq2013
          Total                                            N for
Variable  Count    Mean   StDev         Sum  Median  Mode   Mode
amount    16308  24.768  39.493  403219.270  15.000    10   3349


sgdq2013
          Total                                            N for
Variable  Count    Mean   StDev         Sum  Median  Mode   Mode
amount    10781  21.280  34.670  229081.070  15.000    20   2786


agdq2014
          Total                                            N for
Variable  Count    Mean   StDev         Sum  Median  Mode   Mode
amount    28100  33.254  48.283  932970.710  20.000    50   6278


sgdq2014
          Total                                            N for
Variable  Count    Mean   StDev         Sum  Median  Mode   Mode
amount    19104  28.826  42.819  549652.810  20.000    10   3288


agdq2015
          Total                                             N for
Variable  Count    Mean   StDev          Sum  Median  Mode   Mode
amount    39501  30.118  43.459  1187274.670  20.000    20   7541


sgdq2015
          Total                                             N for
Variable  Count    Mean   StDev          Sum  Median  Mode   Mode
amount    28529  35.627  47.426  1013404.970  25.000    50   7553


agdq2016
          Total                                             N for
Variable  Count    Mean   StDev          Sum  Median  Mode   Mode
amount    30613  33.589  50.779  1025334.770  20.000    10   6674


sgdq2016
          Total                                            N for
Variable  Count    Mean   StDev         Sum  Median  Mode   Mode
amount    30847  32.324  54.872  992552.910  15.000    10   7050


agdq2017
          Total                                             N for
Variable  Count    Mean   StDev          Sum  Median  Mode   Mode
amount    43461  41.361  57.877  1790549.510  20.000    10   8243



Preliminary indings:
    - Growth of SGDQ and AGDQ totals by year is linear. SGDQ is growing slower than AGDQ.
        - AGDQ 2016 was abnormaly lower than AGDQ 2015
        - Predictions:
            - AGDQ 2018: $1,510,386
            - SGDQ 2017: $941,119
        - End of event rush grows significantly more pronounced each year, AGDQ 2017's was insane
    - Mean and Standard Deviation grow a little higher each year
    - Median started at $10, but varies between $15 to $25 from AGDQ2013 onward
    - SGDQ 2016 and AGDQ 2017 have more even donation distributions than SGDQ 2011 and AGDQ 2012
        - Far higher % of $25, $50, and $100 donations, though $10 is still most common
        - Far higher % of $75 donations during AGDQ 2017 vs 2012 (though not for SGDQ)
        - Marginally higher % of $5 and $15 donations


